The book on the Dragonborn Scourge…This book describes in detail an attack on [[the Kalendrole Capitol]] by a pair of ancient white dragons. Their power was great and they killed almost 10% of the city population with their icy breath. They were finally driven off by a handful of great warriors but it created a lot of fear within the city that they might return. It also created a lot of anger and racism towards dragonborn people.

Several members of the [[Velvet Sun]] and local dignitaries started drumming up hatred and anger towards the dragonborn. Especially the cold based dragonborn such as white and silver. They recruited an army and lead by a red tiefling named [[Dervin Eschondi]] they entered into the Kalendrole woods to hunt down and slaughter the dragonborn.

The Velvet Sun seemed to rile up all the local tribes of non-dragonborns to help them hunt and kill the “dangerous beasts” and destroy their cultures. The kings and chiefs of these tribes were fooled by the Velvet Sun to risk their lives to destroy a group of people who were not a threat.

Over a period of about ten years, all of the villages of dragonborn on the  Kalendrole plains were wiped out. Most died fighting. Others fled deeper into the wilds. Others were dispersed and fled to cities far and wide.

At the end of the destruction of the dragonborn culture, the people of Kalendrole finally realized how horrible it was and rebelled against the evil of the Velvet Sun and fought back. It was too late for the dragonborn and it created a lot of unrest in the City of Kalendrole. The city is not stable and power is divided between the guild and the dignitaries of the city and anyone who has the power to step up and gather others to their cause.