- We debated what to do with the Phylactery and decided that we were going to blackmail Kaz Imir and that Gil was the right person to do it.
- [[Gil]] was able to convince Kaz Imir that if he did 3 tasks, he would get his phylactery back, the first of which would be to drop the body of Dervin in front of [[Deln Eschondi Lair]]
- We used [[Gillious, the Dagger]] to help us take the books to Azbara and asked him to keep them for [[Naefir]]
	- We got to Azbara's at dawn.  He was very excited to see all of the books
	- We left the lantern in the cavern
- Before going to get Clarity, [[Chaucerian]] used the scrying ball to look for Clarity, they got [[Vincent Arcandor]] again, who said that the ball was now attuned to him.  He was interested to meet Chaucerian and tried to help him take on the [[cult of Vecna]].
- Naefir was suspicious that [[Deln Eschondi]] was part of the cult of Vecna, and asked Azbara whether the symbol in [[Deln Eschondi_s Journal]] could be associated with Vecna.  Azbara produced a book with that same symbol scrawled on it, representing Vecna.
- 5 of the party (everyone but Kem, Thorontor, and Naefir) went with Chaucerion to the room where he last saw Clarity.
- As he was checking out the premise, he went into rooms where children were sleeping, recognizing on the way the training room, adjacent to which where all of the childrens' rooms.
	- They found Clarity in the room with the youngest children
	- She said that she was whipped by Elglin, who works for Cassidy, who works for Dervin
	- The party members in the hall heard someone coming and braced the door.
	- The party worked together to stall the adults and rushed all of the children through the portal.
	- Chaucerian only barely managed to keep the portal open.  He diguised himself as Dervin and was able to convince the men who rushed into the room at the end to wait for further instructions.
- Of the orphans
	- 15 are from Machs (2 orphans, one is the oldest and was about to be iniated)
	- 7 Kalendrole
	- 3 Evening Star (all orphans, but know someone there)
	- 3 are from SE Gordon
	- 3 are from Eagle Bay Gordon
	- 1 is from Freeport (orphan)
- We took a long rest in Azbara's hut
- We spent a couple days getting all of the kids back to their homes.  The orphans were set up with the maritime guild as ships' boys (meaning we didn't need to visit Evening Star and Freeport).  We made sure that the oldest, who seemed eager to get back to the [[Velvet Sun]] was not dropped off in Maschs and was on a long voyage.
- As they were in Kalendrole, Naefir found a library and picked up some books about Kalendrole history, including one about the Dragon Born Scourge
	- Several of the people that went about during the Dragon Born Scourge of Kalendrole were from the [[Velvet Sun]]
	- (Ask Dan to post a write-up to Slack)